README.md, before:

# Introduction 
TrendyolSharp is a simple Trendyol API Wrapper class library written in .NET Standard 2.1

This project aims to wrap each Trendyol API endpoints to .NET class and methods using the power of type safety

It can be used to develop integrations for Trendyol sellers


# Warnings
1. This project still under development process, there could be potential bugs be careful when you use it
2. Logging very minimal or not exists as well as error handling
3. Project implementations still ongoing so the tests not done 
4. Data validations are very minimal and Trendyol API will throw errors if you give invalid data

# Implementations
- [X] Trendyol Marketplace API 
  - [x] Product Integrations
  - [x] Order Integrations
  - [x] Common Label Integrations
  - [X] Refund Integrations
  - [X] Question&Answer Integrations
- [ ] Trendyol Meal API 
- [ ] Trendyol Fast Market API

# Todos
1. Make sure each data type is valid for Trendyol API
2. Review the Trendyol docs for specific cases
3. Implement Stage API url swap
4. Implement enums
5. ...more

Commit message:

refactor!
- Fix 2025 upcoming april API changes
- Removed finance api for now
- refactored some methods
- Added missing endpoint models

README.md, after:

# Introduction 
TrendyolClient.Sharp is a simple Trendyol API Client for C# with .NET 5+ version. 

This project aims to wrap each Trendyol API endpoints to .NET class and methods using the C# and type safety.

It can be used to develop integration projects for Trendyol Sellers interacting with Trendyol API

# Warnings
1. This project still under development and not finished product, there could be potential bugs be careful when you use it
2. API Requests are not validated and not all has been tested.

# Implementations
- [X] Trendyol Marketplace API 
  - [x] Product Integrations
  - [x] Order Integrations
  - [x] Common Label Integrations
  - [X] Refund Integrations
  - [X] Question&Answer Integrations
  - [ ] Webhooks
- [ ] Trendyol Meal API 
- [ ] Trendyol Fast Market API

# Todos
1. Make sure each data type is valid for Trendyol API
2. Review the Trendyol docs before using any endpoint method
3. Implement enums for request and response models
4. Implement Meal API
5. Implement Fast Market API
6. Implement Webhooks
7. Implement Unit Tests
8. Implement validation of request models
